# game

    Other than some basic knowledge of html gained from fiddling around on websites in the early 2000’s, I initially had no experience with computer science or web programming. For my undergraduate degree, I went to Smith College and double majored in English and economics. I enjoyed this combination of subjects, but like others I found myself aimless after graduation. While working a series of administrative jobs, I found myself drawn to coding as a way to exercise by brain. Websites like Codecademy and Treehouse were starting to gain traction and coding became the buzzword in the employment world. After running through various tutorials and teaching myself basic skills, I realized I was seriously interested in computer science. This interest ultimately led to my enrollment in this graduate program. After two semesters, I have basic knowledge with Java, C and C+, R, and Python programming languages. I also have some experience with hadoop, MapReduce, and data analysis, as well as knowledge of database and operating systems. This semester will be my third and final semester at SUNY New Paltz, and I am nervous and excited to start the next chapter in my life and career.  

    Thus far in my computer science studies, I have little experience with web programming. I understand the basics of the client server model and I have used resources like Wordpress to create basic websites with the aid of themes. My ultimate goal for this class is to possess advanced web programming abilities. Specifically, I want to be able to successfully create visually-appealing and functional websites. I wish to thoroughly utilize the available external resources, like w3schools, to enhance my knowledge and to get the most possible out of the class. I aim to understand HTML, CSS, Javascript, and AngularJS at an advanced level. Additionally, I look forward to pushing my own creative abilities. I hope this class will build a solid foundation upon which I can continue my education in the future. Web programming continues to evolve and change at a rapid pace, and it clearly holds an important place in the world of technology. Through the skills obtained in this class, I would like to be able to present myself as a knowledgeable and creative web programmer for my postgraduate career exploration.


